Unseen Servant
Range: 0
Casting Time: 1 round
Duration: 2 hours + 1 hour/level
Area of Effect: 50 foot radius centered on the caster
Save: none
Type: Conjuration

This spell summons a minor air spirit to perform tasks. The unseen servant is invisible, although Detect Magic will reveal its presence since it is magically bound.

The caster need only think to command the servant. The servant will not obey anyone other than the caster. The unseen servant must take orders turn by turn, for it is commanded "just in time" by the player. It cannot act conditionally on the results of other events, or its own actions.

The servant's presence is unerringly ignored by most creatures, except those the caster designates. Only creatures from another plane of existence will recognize the servant for what it is; most earthly creatures, however, won't give the servant a second thought, even if it is holding a light source that enables those creatures to see.

The unseen servant has 1 HP, and it disappears if it loses this HP. It cannot attack or defend itself in any way, and opponents are +4 to attack it. It is damaged as normal by area attacks or environmental effects.

The unseen servant can perform all kinds of menial tasks, including cleaning, carrying equipment, holding a torch or lantern, fetching items from any location or from the ground, opening doors, cleaning, cooking, gathering wood or water, burying a fire, locking and unlocking doors, binding wounds, setting up camp, taking a camp down, walking an animal and so on. All of these things are done proficiently, though without any skill. When searching a backpack or a saddle bag, the unseen servant always knows instantly where the desired object is, so the search always takes the minimum amount of time.

The servant can hold or carry up to 20 pounds of material, and need not set items down to perform other tasks. It can exert enough force to drag an object or creature of up to 80 lbs weight (minus the weight of any other items the servant is carrying) at a speed of 1 hex/round.

The servant has 5 AP, but none of its action points are needed for movement: the servant can move anywhere within the spell's range instantaneously. Points are only needed to limit what it actually does. For example, if a dagger were lying 35 ft. from the caster, the unseen servant could "pop" out to it and draw the weapon from the ground (1 AP), return to the caster and pass it over (1 AP) and still have time to "pop" someplace else to search a backpack (3 AP).

(Some text owed to Alexis Smolensk.)
