Jump
Range: touch
Casting Time: 1 round
Duration: 1 jump + 1 jump/level, or 10 minutes
Area of Effect: 1 creature
Save: none
Type: Alteration


Jump enables a recipient the ability to leap into the air as a means to bypass obstacles, cross crevasses and jump from vertically in order to reach a high place. In addition, the power can be used to leap about the battlefield, engaging scattered enemies by crossing great distances in a bound.

Execution

Jumps may be between 10 and 30 ft., or 2-6 hexes. A running start will not increase the length which can be jumped.

Each 10 ft. distance or part thereof requires 1 action point (AP). Thus, if the character Winstead were to make a jump of 25 ft., that would cost Winstead 3 AP. The target hex must be empty of combatants and obstructions if a safe landing is to be presumed. Jumping into other persons; onto an unstable surface; or to a place where the recipient must grab something, requires a Dexterity check.

  Possessing the Sure-Footedness sage study grants a +2 bonus to this Dexterity check.

    For example: if Winstead were to leap 20 ft. upwards to catch a tree limb, that would require a check; likewise if he were to try and jump to across a room to land on a stool, which wouldn't be a stable surface. With regards to the tree limb, if he failed the check, he'd fall 20 ft.; if he failed the check while landing on a stool, he'd merely crash to the floor, taking 1-6 damage, rather than suffering a fall.

    If he were jumping into a hex with another person, and failed to make a Dexterity check, both he and the other person would take 1-6 damage. If that other person were an enemy combatant, the check is presumed to have failed. Winstead might succeed in stunning the other, knocking that enemy out of the hex — and leaving Winstead in possession of the hex, stunned or not — but otherwise, the enemy chooses which adjacent hex Winstead ends in, with other nearby enemies making room so that Winstead is left in a hex of his own.


Jumping in Combat

Recipients may swing in combat ordinarily and then use the rest of their movement to jump away. If the jump is made before attacking, the last spent AP for the jump may also be applied to the recipient's combat expenditure.

    For example: Winstead makes a jump of 20 ft. at an enemy, using 2 AP to cover the distance. He needs 2 AP to swing his mace and hit the enemy upon landing. Using the 1st AP to jump, Winstead uses his 2nd AP to finish his jump AND start his swing; as he lands, he completes his swing, using 3 AP altogether.

The recipient can also use the time of the jump to draw a weapon, following the same rules as drawing a weapon while running.
